1. Yes. Many concepts and ideas I had to understand.
4. N
6. No, more just facts but not too sure how this would apply to any field other than research which a lot of us are not going into
7. Yes. New concepts
8. I enjoyed the lab work. This helped explain the aspects taught in the class and allowed students to see and feel the results themselves.
9. yes because of the in class activities
10. Yes it was. This class broke down a lot more of the basic concepts into the behind the scenes actions which opened up my eyes.
11. I wouldn't say it stretched my thinking, I work at a gym and a clinic so I've seen a lot of this content in action already.
12. Yes because it was further thinking into testing programs
13. Yes. New things I have not seen before.
14. yes, because it introduced new ideas to me
15. Yes, it created scenarios that allowed us to think of the information in different ways
16. This class was very informative. We learned a lot about exercise testing.
17. yes
18. Not particularly. Mostly common sense utilization of testing equipment.
19. yes he made you feel like youre the one doing the lab tests even if it was just in the classroom. He was very interactive towards the students
20. Yes, it had a lot of exercise physiology involved.
21. Yes, I got to leave about things that I actually use or am tested on myself
22. Yes it was
23. It was an interesting course. I enjoyed learning of new techniques and methods of testing.
24. Yes this class was very intellectually stimulating because it provided insight into various important concepts.
25. I enjoyed this class very much. Especially the labs that we did.
26. This class was interesting, the explanations could have helped more if there were more details.
27. Yes!
28. Yes. We had hands on labs
29. Yes it made us think about the body and the way we exercise and ways we never had before
30. The information was intellectually stimulating and did stretch my thinking. I was introduced to different exercise testing methods and equipment that
could assist me or others in a future career.
31. Yes. It brought in new aspects of kinesiology that allowed me to apply previous concepts I had already learned in a more practical setting.
32. Yes, we used many real life examples.
1. The content. It is related to my future field.
2. Doing the labs. I missed one because of a personal matter but I was most excited about doing the labs. I love doing hands on since that's the way I
learn.
4. N
5. Bailey was really good at explaining the concepts and using real world examples
7. Online modules
8. The labs and lectures.
9. inclass activities
10. The PowerPoints that was given to us was very beneficial and he explained the material very well.
11. Mr. Bailey creates notes that he uploads to canvas with blanks in them, I like this because it incentivizes going to class and being present to learn
the information. Versus just printing the notes out.
12. ICA
13. The lectures and in class activities.
14. the lecture and in class activities
15. The in-class assignments contributed the most to my learning because it gave us the independence to think of our own ways to complete the
assignments, whether that be in a sports setting, or the actual calculations we chose to complete the work.
16. We did a few interactive in class activities that were very helpful. We were able to apply what we learned.
17. Lab
18. research devices and procedure.
19. the in class labs we did throughout the semester
20. The labs.
21. In class assignments
22. Yes it was
23. The diagnostic based questions
24. The instructor and his ability to make tough subjects understandable for students. This really aided in my learning of the materiel.
25. When we did labs, it helped me to better understand the information because I am a visual person.
26. The powerpoints were helpful.
27. In class labs and hands on activities.
28. Labs
29. Online aspect and labs
30. The lectures and notes provided that required attending class to fill in and group activities were most beneficial. The examples given that we had to
solve then discussed with the instructor helped the most.
31. The ICAs were fun and engaging.
32. The worksheets
1. None.
3. The teacher talked really fast the entire semester. He blazed through concepts and did not review concepts much at all before an exam. He did not
put any extra energy in his lectures, most lectures were very dry and for that reason, hard to stay interested in. Similarly, his dry-style of presentation
mixed with his fast speech made the class hard to follow along with.
4. N
6. Powerpoints, very vauge and not to usefull when looking back
7. N/A
8. Nothing was distracting.
9. nothing
10. Some of the assignments that I did miss was due to online classes which I simply didn't stay on top of.
11. I wish there was some sort of attendance credit, but other than that there was nothing that detracted from my learning.
12. Nothing
13. Nothing detracted from my learning.
14. nothing
15. Not having the powerpoint slides available before the day of the class.
16. Nothing detracted from my learning.
17. none
18. Many concepts of testing seemed somewhat debatable. Which method would be best for ____, many times it seemed like there were equally good
alternatives the the answer.
19. i was not able to purchase the book but managed to take pictures of the required reading
20. Nothing.
22. Yes it was
23. Group based work
24. None.
26. The wording on the exams was confusing.
28. None
29. difficult to stay focused during lectures
30. Assignments given that were not necessarily explained in class. Examples that we had not gone over, or answers to questions that did not pertain to
the topic we were discussing detracted from my ability to grasp concepts and how I was supposed to apply what we had learned. Working through or
providing more examples before testing us on them would be more helpful than giving us a graded assignment that I did not feel prepared for because I
did not understand how to analyze the example.
31. The Powerpoints were sometimes monotonous. 
32. None
1. Little more enthusiasm wouldn’t hurt.
2. More labs would've been great. As trainers, everything we do with our clients are hands on so I would've loved to do hands on activities every
Thursday.
3. I would suggest a slower presentation of topics and slower speech. I also would suggest adding in a five-minute break somewhere though the
lectures to allow students to decompress before continuing on to more information. This would help students maintain a higher level of focus for the
second part of the lecture, and an overall better grasp of the information of that day.
4. N
6. Some of the material on exam were concepts that were not really covered in class/powerpoints and book does absolutely nothing to help with
understanding so maybe choose a differnt book or make class material more relatable to real world. But overall he is a great professor and extremly
smart.
7. More supplemental instruction
8. N/A
9. I think Prof. Bailey did a good job teaching the info to students, his tests were however a lot harder than the info presented in the powerpoints.
10. More group assignments for everybody to ask questions and ask help where help is needed.
11. I think it would be really helpful for students to have a review that goes along with the test. There was many instances where something on the test
would show up that I wasn't expecting, I think if I had a thorough review I would learn more and excel more in this course.
12. It was taught and constructed well so no suggestions here
13. I have no suggestions for improving this class.
14. nothing
15. Same as above, not having the powerpoints before the scheduled classes. If they were available all semester, or at least a week in advance, it would
have been helpful.
16. It would be great if we could actually practice majority of the realistic exercise testing methods in class. Or be able to be in the lab and observe. I
generally thought this class would teach the testing methods and we’d get to practice them. But it was definitely just more informative. It would be cool if
this class was hybrid. Half in class and half in the lab so that we can carry our practice in with us into our careers.
17. none
18. Specificity in answers. Matching exact answers to exact situations in class so that come test time there's less room for error that may stem from
reasoning and more from knowledge of specific requirements of a testing scenario.
19. more labs for the hands-on learners
20. Nothing.
21. Maybe be more specific in questions on tests, sometimes they were unclear which led to getting them wrong
22. Yes it was
23. I would extend the time Interval in which we can take the exam till at least 8pm. I usually take afternoon and morning courses, so having to take the
exam between 8-5 leads to me skipping a class. I'm sure some students may feel the same!
24. I loved the in class assignments because they were concise but still gave students a practical application to the material that we were learning so if there were more of those, I think it would really help learning.
25. I have no further suggestions. He is great!
26. Reword the exams.
27. More labs and hands on stuff instead of long lectures.
28. None
29. Maybe find a way to keep class more involved or lectures more interactive to keep students on task aside from just ICA’s
30. Most improvement suggestions were mentioned in the above section about what detracted from my learning. However, despite the overwhelming amount of homework students already have, I feel lesser weighed homework assignments to help test and apply knowledge would prepare and teach material more for upcoming exams and retaining information. I'm aware you view the lecture slides as a review, but if you could provide a review sheet at
least listing topics that would be wonderful for future classes.
31. Involve more ICAs, not necessarily for grades, but simply to improve class engagement.
32. None


